15 Craigton Dr, Toronto, ON - 2 Bedroom Apartment for Rent | liv.rent Save up to 50% on landlord plans and more this Black Friday Map View Search a city, building, or company PricingPost a listing 15 Craigton Dr, Toronto, ON Home ON Toronto Favourite Share 10 Starting at... $2,242 / month Entire Apartment Starting at... $2,242 / month Entire Apartment for Rent Toronto 2 Beds 1 Bath 954 ft² Unfurnished Contact Craigton Drive MetCap Living Read BioView listings Lease Details Move-in Date Available Now Lease Type Fixed Term Minimum Lease 1 year Listing Details Description Just outside the front door of this Golden Mile in Scarborough, Toronto rental building you will find a lush park-like setting that is just steps from the TTC bus routes on Eglinton and on Victoria Park. There is a major indoor shopping mall just a block south of the property. It has a MAJOR grocery store and many well-known shops. A park is across the street and a larger park is just east of the property. This Toronto rental property offers you an ideal blend of features and amenities in a prime Scarborough location. The roomy and immaculate one and two bedroom suites feature parquet flooring and bright, spacious kitchens with the latest model appliances. Most suites have wood floors. Many units also have a balcony. The kitchen has a fridge and a stove. The rooms are wired for cable TV. There is outside parking on the property. There is guest parking spaces available. All spaces are assigned. The grounds feature landscaping and flower gardens. Onsite services include a main laundry fa... Read more Amenities Unit + Bathtub + Coin Laundry + Fridge + Oven + Stove Top Building + Parking + Bike Storage + Laundry + Storage Area + Security System Utilities + Heat Property Rules Smoking No smoking Pets Allowed Report this listing Increase your chances of securing this listing. Send your application today. Apply to Craigton Drive's listing Check Availability First name* Last name* Email* Hi there, I saw your rental listing on liv.rent and would like to learn more. Please let me know what the next step would be. Thank you!136/500 Send Message By sending a message, I confirm that I have read and agree to liv.rent's Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. Nearby Neighbourhoods This rental is near Don Valley East, Scarborough Centre, Scarborough Southwest, Beaches—East York Nearby Schools This rental is near Sloane Public School, O'Connor Public School, Clairlea Public School, Peter's Driving Academy, Precious Blood Cath... Read more Neighbourhood We only display the points of interest located within a 10 km radius of the listing. Transit Schools Groceries Cafes Restaurants Parks Shopping 0.0 km +− Leaflet | © OpenStreetMap contributors There are no transit options nearby Similar Listings for Rent Verified $140+ / day 2 Bed · 2 Bath 199 Richmond St W Toronto, ON · Entire Apartment MessageApply Now Verified $145+ / day 2 Bed · 2 Bath 30 Nelson St Toronto, ON · Entire Apartment MessageApply Now Verified $180+ / day 1 unit available 300 Front St W Toronto, ON · Entire Apartment MessageApply Now Homes and Apartments for Rent in Popular Cities British Columbia Homes and Apartments for Rent Vancouver Apartments for Rent Burnaby Apartments for Rent North Vancouver Apartments for Rent Richmond Apartments for Rent Surrey Apartments for Rent Coquitlam Apartments for Rent Ontario Homes and Apartments for Rent Toronto Apartments for Rent Mississauga Apartments for Rent Scarborough Apartments for Rent Etobicoke Apartments for Rent Hamilton Apartments for Rent Brampton Apartments for Rent Starting at... $2,242 / month Available Now ContactApply Now AboutBlogPrivacy FAQTermsJoin Us Sign ContractVerify Signing Liv Strategies Inc. © 2023 | Vancouver, BC | Apartments for Rent Canada (EN)