Briarlane Rental Property Management Inc. - RentSeeker.ca Student Marketing Average Rents FAQ Blog Log In Property Type Bedrooms Price Range More save search Filters Apartment Condo House Townhouse Apply Any Studio 1 Bedroom 1 or more Bedrooms 2 Bedrooms 2 or more Bedrooms 3 Bedrooms 3 or more Bedrooms Minimum Maximum - Pets Dogs Allowed Cats Allowed Amenities Air Conditioning Parking Furnished Yard Balcony Fireplace Included in Rent Electricity Water Gas Cable TV Internet Apply 0 Results List View Briarlane Rental Property Management Inc. Showing 0 / 0 Results Featured Newest Price (Low to High)($ - $$$) Price (High to Low)($$$ - $) Previous Next Briarlane Rental Property Management Inc. About Briarlane Rental Property Management Inc. Corporate Profile Briarlane Rental Property Management Inc. is a private Canadian Corporation based in Markham, Ontario and was established to provide an integrated array of investment and property management services to owners, investors, and financial institutions. Briarlane brings to the property management industry the benefits of many years of real estate management experience directed under the watchful eyes of Brad Smith, Susanne Maguire, Monish Comar, Pat Brawn and Andrus Kung. These five individuals share a wealth of business, financial and property management experience which spans a period of more than twenty-five years. The creation of Briarlane was not a new experience for its principal. Brad Smith has the experience as well as the personal business philosophy to create the type of property management organization he believes is in short supply in this market. Briarlane focuses on building enduring client relationships by combining consistently sound advice with effective implementation. Through their close involvement in the daily management of properties, the five senior executives of Briarlane have learned to recognize that the key to effective property management services is not the size of the management organization, but rather its ability to recognize that each property has its unique characteristics and to deliver its service in a personalized fashion using highly qualified and experienced personnel. It is by design, therefore, that our clientele is limited by the intensity and focus we bring to every management task. Property management is a service industry which unlike manufacturing, deals with attitudes, judgment calls, personalities, and several other intangibles. When properties are compared one often finds that the tangible assets ( buildings, amenities, location, etc. ) are often very similar in many respects. The thing which sets one property off from the other is the quality of service provided which, in turn, is directly related to the quality of service provided by the property management team. Briarlane assembles a committed team of management professionals lead by one or more of the five senior executives of the firm. Asset Management: At Briarlane we believe that the term "Asset Management" is simply another level of the property management function. It is simply used in many circumstances by others as a tool to extract more fees from property owners and investors. We consider Briarlane provides asset management as part of its standard set of property management services. We carefully monitor the performance of your properties on an on-going basis and provide advice to our clients on how to maximize the return on their investments. At Briarlane, we include asset management as part of our property management services. Rentals In: Toronto Ottawa Calgary Montreal Edmonton Vancouver London Kingston Sitemap | RentSeeker Inc. © 2023 Property Type Apartment Condo House Townhouse Price Bedrooms Any Studio 1 Bedroom 1 or more Bedrooms 2 Bedrooms 2 or more Bedrooms 3 Bedrooms 3 or more Bedrooms Pets Allowed Dogs cats Amenities Air Conditioning Parking Furnished Yard Balcony Fireplace Included in Rent Electricity Water Gas Cable TV Internet clear all apply Save Search × Now that you have found your perfect location and set up all your filters for things like price, property type and number of bedrooms you can save this search to easily get back to it next time you login. Simply click "My Account" at the top right of any page and select your saved searches. In case you want to save multiple searchers, its a good idea to give this search a unique name to help you remember what its for. Don't want to keep on checking for new properties every day? Dont worry, we got you covered. Just check off the option for daily email digests and we will send you daily emails with new properties matching your search critera. Name of Search Send me daily emails of new properties matching this search Save Search Cancel Contact Form Send Request Log in to RentSeeker Forgot Password? New To RentSeeker? Sign Up Register Contact sales@rentseeker.ca to sign up as a landlord and create a listing. Already a RentSeeker user? Sign In Explore RentSeeker.ca popular searches Average Rent Prices in Canada Apartments for Rent Near Universities Pet Friendly Toronto Rentals 1 Bedroom Apartments in Toronto 2 Bedrooms Apartments in Toronto 3 Bedrooms Apartments in Toronto Real Estate News Rent vs Buy Calculator popular cities Toronto Apartments Ottawa Apartments Calgary Apartments Montreal Apartments Edmonton Apartments Vancouver Apartments London Apartments Kingston Apartments popular neighbourhoods South Parkdale, Toronto Greenbelt, Ottawa Queen Mary Park, Edmonton Mount Pleasant, Toronto Pleasant Hill, Saskatoon Humewood-Cedarvale, Toronto Plateau, Montreal The Annex, Toronto we are proud members of Sitemap Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us RentSeeker Inc. © 2023