In the heart of North York, Prelude offers quality rental apartments in the exciting Yonge
and Sheppard area. Step outside your door onto tree-lined Beecroft Road and stroll to
shops, restaurants, parks, schools and transit. From these quality Willowdale rental
apartments you are just down the street from Sheppard Centre, North York Central
Library and Mel Lastman Square. Take a quick ride by subway or car to find charming
neighbourhoods including Hoggs Hollow, York Mills and Bayview Village; shopping at
the Yorkdale Shopping Centre and the Shops at Don Mills; and major hospitals,
including the North York General Hospital, Humber River Regional Hospital and the
Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre. Downtown Toronto is only 30 minutes away by car
or TTC. North York Centre TTC station is just a 5 minute underground stroll from your
door.

This 26-storey high-rise offers a wide range of quality North York apartments for rent
including bright and open One and Two Bedroom Homes featuring modern interiors with
open floorplans. All rental suites feature individually-controlled heat and air conditioning
as well as energy-efficient windows with vertical blinds. Bright and spacious kitchens
offer contemporary cabinetry and five energy-efficient appliances including dishwasher
and full-size in-suite laundry. All suites feature balconies and/or terraces boasting
stunning views.

A wide array of amenities are at your disposal when you call Prelude home. Cancel your
gym membership and work out in our fully-equipped fitness room. Catch up with emails
in the business centre. Relax in the library with a good book or get lost in a film inside
the theatre. Shoot pool in the games room. Host friends in the party room or invite them
to take advantage of the spacious patio and outdoor barbeque area. Storage lockers
and gated underground parking with card access is also available. Zipcar parking is also
offered on site and Prelude residents are invited to sign up for a membership at a
discounted rate.

Prelude is professionally managed by Concert Realty Services. Concert On-Call, our
signature service, is available 24/7 for urgent situations. Quality construction and
dedicated on-site maintenance staff make a Concert rental apartment the ideal choice
for living a stress-free, urban lifestyle.
Prelude, a Certified Rental Building, has ranked in the top 15% for resident experience
in professionally-managed rental properties across Canada based on a survey
conducted by JD Power in 2015.

Rental Office Hours





































Monday:             9:00am to 5:00pm
Tuesday:            9:00am to 5:00pm
Wednesday:       9:00am to 7:00pm
Thursday:           9:00am to 5:00pm
Friday:                9:00am to 5:00pm
Saturday:           9:00am to 5:00pm
Sunday:              Closed

Additional:
City views
Internet ready
Meeting Room
Library Room
Car Wash
City views
Internet ready
Meeting Room
Library Room
Car Wash

<<<https://rentals.ca/north-york/151-beecroft-road-2>>>