Medallion Corporation - RentSeeker.ca Student Marketing Average Rents FAQ Blog Log In Property Type Bedrooms Price Range More save search Filters Apartment Condo House Townhouse Apply Any Studio 1 Bedroom 1 or more Bedrooms 2 Bedrooms 2 or more Bedrooms 3 Bedrooms 3 or more Bedrooms Minimum Maximum - Pets Dogs Allowed Cats Allowed Amenities Air Conditioning Parking Furnished Yard Balcony Fireplace Included in Rent Electricity Water Gas Cable TV Internet Apply 0 Results List View Medallion Corporation Showing 0 / 0 Results Featured Newest Price (Low to High)($ - $$$) Price (High to Low)($$$ - $) Previous Next Medallion Corporation About Medallion Corporation Medallion Corporation is a privately owned Toronto based, fully integrated Real Estate development & Property Management company. It is firmly rooted in the tradition of excellence that begin over 50 years ago with it's predecessor companies, Belmont Construction and Belmont Properties Inc. We are committed to the highest standard in maintaining and caring for our assets. The Property Management Team combines training, experience and pride to achieve the utmost in Tenant satisfaction. We use modern management information and accounting systems to ensure the efficient recording and processing of our tenants' information. We believe the service that we provide to our clients, a comfortable and secure place to either live or work, is of the utmost importance period. Medallion's portfolio is comprised of a full spectrum of Real Estate holdings: from highrise residential buildings to commercial office, retail and industrial properties. The portfolio also includes extensive land holdings for future developments. Medallion continues to build on the reputation and acumen that is has achieved as one of Toronto's premier developers and property owners. "A Symbol of Quality" Rentals In: Toronto Ottawa Calgary Montreal Edmonton Vancouver London Kingston Sitemap | RentSeeker Inc. © 2023 Property Type Apartment Condo House Townhouse Price Bedrooms Any Studio 1 Bedroom 1 or more Bedrooms 2 Bedrooms 2 or more Bedrooms 3 Bedrooms 3 or more Bedrooms Pets Allowed Dogs cats Amenities Air Conditioning Parking Furnished Yard Balcony Fireplace Included in Rent Electricity Water Gas Cable TV Internet clear all apply Save Search × Now that you have found your perfect location and set up all your filters for things like price, property type and number of bedrooms you can save this search to easily get back to it next time you login. Simply click "My Account" at the top right of any page and select your saved searches. In case you want to save multiple searchers, its a good idea to give this search a unique name to help you remember what its for. Don't want to keep on checking for new properties every day? Dont worry, we got you covered. Just check off the option for daily email digests and we will send you daily emails with new properties matching your search critera. Name of Search Send me daily emails of new properties matching this search Save Search Cancel Contact Form Send Request Log in to RentSeeker Forgot Password? New To RentSeeker? Sign Up Register Contact sales@rentseeker.ca to sign up as a landlord and create a listing. Already a RentSeeker user? Sign In Explore RentSeeker.ca popular searches Average Rent Prices in Canada Apartments for Rent Near Universities Pet Friendly Toronto Rentals 1 Bedroom Apartments in Toronto 2 Bedrooms Apartments in Toronto 3 Bedrooms Apartments in Toronto Real Estate News Rent vs Buy Calculator popular cities Toronto Apartments Ottawa Apartments Calgary Apartments Montreal Apartments Edmonton Apartments Vancouver Apartments London Apartments Kingston Apartments popular neighbourhoods South Parkdale, Toronto Greenbelt, Ottawa Queen Mary Park, Edmonton Mount Pleasant, Toronto Pleasant Hill, Saskatoon Humewood-Cedarvale, Toronto Plateau, Montreal The Annex, Toronto we are proud members of Sitemap Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us RentSeeker Inc. © 2023